they were just friends, but then it came together
so to realize that is something
important to each other than just a friend or
girlfriend probably everyone felt this
standing we were friends so long ago she knew
his is better than someone else like him with her
half a word understood even look just
enough to understand the causes and anger
happiness is close when its whims to you
nicely masked you write letters
when there is no money for flowers and daffodils
cooking lions you presents I surprises
everything has been a little since by the middle of May he
I wrote it myself I was looking for the other I
I am leaving forever lower baby I do not like
you were simply forgiven
pounded her nirna in his apartment but
didn't open the door there on the mobile
a gentle voice is somehow rude common acquaintances
didn't know the food
never even heard of his love and new
legs hurt
killing all rapids no gulf of what in
Institute on the worker
farther on quit flew like who
spoke to america who speak to europe
first we give freedom then for chapters
trumpet who know how to suffer all parts
Nick
she wilted shut up hated him
wholehearted nervous breakdown clinic where
lay a lot without visitors
admitting no friends to her parents
time passes silent wear has gone all
what we managed to survive and summarize
years passed she met another and he
helped net taxes with him his coming
my life and everything changed blessings
parents with God's mercy they
got married
loud the whole city was really great
see no one about anyone
end gazelle clean slate start everything and
how many years did she forgive him
let god judge him don't even think if
in the hall fought about in one day vista shit and
and threshold talking to him of levels
uninteresting and sort of need to finish
this
if for about five years there was already a daughter and
not when you came to me
guess from whom and his yes and this is almost 10